Thanks @SinGoat.

# Meeting Notes - March 30th 2018
## RChain / Pithia Follow Up Meeting

### Attendees
- Jonathon Dunford
- Simon Kruse
- Evan Bonsignori
- Joona Virtanen
- Ed Eykholt
- Brandon Smith
- Navneet Suman
- Mike Boremi
- Serina Piencak

## What was discussed

### Setting Up Organization
- Finalizing proposal process (https://github.com/Agorex-io/Proposals/issues/1)
- RChain's coop was setup in Washington state and modeled after REI governance (https://www.rei.com/about-rei/governance)
- Jonathon discussed timeline in regards to starting the actual organization and finishing the smart contract.

Ed offered to help with our pitch deck to the board at Pithia.
He stated again that they are very interested in investing in exchanges, both centralized and DEX.  
Ed said that he would speak to Tamara (Legal Counsel @ Pithia) and see what free legal guidance they can offer us.
Ed stated after investment Pithia can help provide shared services support, legal, accounting, introductions
Ed expressed interest in a set of dividends that would come back to investors and a need to know economic model that benefits investors.
Ed mentioned Peter Harris @ Platform Cooperative would be a good person to get in touch with. Offered to make introduction.

### Jurisdiction/Legal

Ed asked if we had given any thought to legal / jurisdictional matters.
Jonathon & Ed discussed:
- Incorporation in British Virgin Island to avoid double tax
- The need for regulatory clarity
- Incorporating in US offering consumer and corporate protections
- Token sales would raise issues with SEC
- RChain is planning to more international coops in order to be "juridically robust"
- Initial legal options
  - Jonathon spoken with lawyers, has baseline idea
  - SEC oversight on exchange?
    - only real way to trade and take trading fee is to block U.S. investors
  - Hoping to fund a cooperative with zero fee model
  - Stay compliant with vauge US laws
  - In the end its a decision about risk profile as a company
  - When dealing with securities
    - Personal liablity
  - Ed mentioned there are certain types of legal insurances to help if you ever had to respond to legal summons
- Pithia wants healthy exchange - centralized and decentralized
- Who is our competition?
  - IDEX only big competator 5-8 million volume
  - ForkDelta comparable in users, 2-4 million volume

### Setting Up A Pitch Deck

Ed provided this information:

```
How to Pitch to Us In addition to delivering products, Pithia expects any company pitching to us to cover the typical prerequisites of a promising company, including a clear articulation of:
    • vision;
    • value proposition;
    • problem;
    • target market & opportunity;
    • solution;
    • business model;
    • product/validation roadmap;
    • customer acquisition plan;
    • team;
    • financials;
    • competition;
    • investment and use of funds.

In addition, as a blockchain company, we also expect you to describe your model for cryptocurrency and token economics, including any token issuance and distribution.

What Makes Your Company Attractive to this Fund?
    • Addresses the above needs;
    • Leverages the power of RChain and RChain’s ecosystem;
    • You have a credible approach to tackle the market;
    • Your team can lead and execute against your vision; and
    • Your unique value proposition.
```

### Other Items Discussed
- Lean Canvas helpful to fill out if working through business model
- Revenue options
  - Oyster protocol + background revenue generation
  - Trading promotions
  - Trade competitions
  - Donation model like wikipedia

Agorex goal is to launch with a full product including:
  - New UI
  - Audited, tested, released smart contract
  - Alpha/Beta launch
  - Stress testing

Atomic swaps and cross chain trading were briefly brought up.
Ed had asked if we had done any work with either.
Jonathon responded that they had looked into them in the past and it was definitely a priority to learn more.
Jonathon also stated he believes atomic swaps could be the future and should be taken seriously.